Updated doc for versioned time series calc functions (#47)
Volue-Public/energy-smp-docs: docs/mesh/calculations/functions/history.md

# History group functions

## About historical values

Historical values means that previously saved values are not overwritten when saving new values. The figure below shows a time series having values with various write times. The Calculator returns the values indicated by red when you ask for the most recently written historical values written before tc.

![](assets/images/HistoricalValues.png)

In the picture above the values are written in a scattered way. There are other series where contents are updated more regularly, typical forecast series where a fixed number of points are written.
The start time for each forecast will normally follow current storage time in some way. For example a precipitation forecast received/stored two times
a day containing hourly values for six days ahead.

![](assets/images/GetForecast2.png)

There are a dedicated set of history functions to extract values from a versioned time series associated with this storage pattern. 

## Hourly example data

> In the function descriptions there are some examples based on a sequence of write operations. These values are presented in a Nimbus client view shown below. The header text for each version give information on the validity interval for which the time series had the values shown associated column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the function descriptions there are some examples based on a sequence of write operations. These values are presented in a Nimbus client view shown below. The header text for each version gives information on the validity interval for which the time series had the values shown in an associated column:
```

Reviewer: @powel-abo I think something is missing from the last part of this sentence. I have added a suggestion, but please review and change, if necessary.
